hardware and software needed for project 
lets start with hardware we are using raspi/jetson nano they are main processer of the project
 rapi control the all the things in project 
pi camera which which support raspi and use for oberservation and video call 
for body of the project we using readymade robot body kit it has fixed motars 
and speaker for audio brodcasting and microphone for videocall 


now software part 
for webapp  we are using python flask framework which is backbone of webpage 
for image processing part we are usinng python-opencv lib it helps us to detect face and pre-trained model for detecting 
mask which trained using Tensorflow 
socket.io is made in javascript for video call which helps to connect with another client on internet its a peer to peer 
connection webrtc for accessing camera and microphone of device 
database for storing the doctors info , id , database is also needed for authentication 


work completed till now 

we made a webapplication name called roboCar it has window where we can see the camera footage and person is wearing
a mask or not and some buttons to control the robo movement and a audio brodcast button to brodcast audio 

videocall explanation --- 
 
 


Introduction:
Good_____ everyone 
My name is Ajay Magar, I am the team leader for this project RoboCar.

 Our project guide is Professor Padmaja maam and my team mates are: Aishwarya Kanchan, Aditya Balakrishhan and Omkar Nair.


Work Flow:
We will be using a raspberry pi in the testing phase and then move on to jetson nano. 
These are central the smooth working of the project.
 The rpi will control everything including the pi cam that will be set up on a servo motor. 
The servo motor will move 180 degrees thus increasing the visibility field.
 The body of the project will be purchased from amazon as it has wheels attached to it. 
We will also be using a small microphone for audio broadcasting and video calling.
In the software part of the project we are using python flask for the webapp. This is the backbone of the webpage.
For image processing, we will be using python open-cv library to detect and train face masks. 
The models are trained using tensorflow. Socket.io us a part of javascript and will be used for video calling. 
This feature helps a client connect with the medical staff remotely. 


Work completed:
The web application we made is called RoboCar.
The window on the left side of the screen displays the video captured by the picam. 
It will show whther the person is wearing a mask or not. 
The right side of the page has buttons that will be used to control the movement of the robot and also for audio broadcasting.


https://robocar-video.herokuapp.com/d30a5dc7-7cdb-45ab-86cc-f91f54f792fd